=head1 NAME

fountain - take a single input stream and write it to multiple
output streams.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<fountain> [B<-b> I<buffer size> B<-h> B<-v> B<-V>] I<command>
[I<command> ...]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<fountain> reads a single input stream, from the standard input
stream, and writes it to multiple commands.  It may also write the
data directly to the standard output stream if the B<-s> option is
specified.

Command (including any arguments) are specified on the command line
(and must be quoted from the shell if they contain whitespace).  Each
command which will be passed the input stream on its standard input
stream.

To improve overall performance, the input stream is written using
non-blocking I/O to each command. The size of the buffer used to store
the input stream may be specfied with the B<-b> option.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-b> I<buffer size>

The size of the buffer (in bytes) used to transfer the input stream.  It
defaults to 8192 bytes.

=item B<-h>

Output help.

=item B<-s>

In addition to writing to the commands given by B<-c>, act as a
filter, copying from standard input to standard output.

=item B<-v>

Be a bit more verbose.

=item B<-V>

Output version information.

=back

=head1 BUGS

Non-blocking I/O only works for buffers larger than 10240 bytes under
IRIX (when last tried, which was in 1999).  If buffer is less than
10240, select will return before write is ready.  B<fountain> will
still work, it will just waste time calling select and write multiple
times until write is actually ready.

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2006 Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory

This software is released under the GNU General Public License.  You
may find a copy at

          http://www.fsf.org/copyleft/gpl.html


=head1 VERSION

This documents version 1.0.2 of B<fountain>.


=head1 AUTHOR

D. Jerius

M. Tibbetts
